#summary Tell you how to compile this project by yourself.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Prepare =

== Download the source ==

 * This is a Maven 2 project, so we need to install a maven 2 environment. Get it at [http://maven.apache.org/ Apache Maven] project site.
 * Download [http://code.google.com/p/gdata-java-client/ gdata-java-client] library, this time we download [http://gdata-java-client.googlecode.com/files/gdata.java-1.41.3.zip gdata.java-1.41.3.zip]. The number 1.41 is the version what we installed, if you get a newest version, maybe you can save this reversion number for latter.
 * Get the rss2blogspot source, you can download from [http://code.google.com/p/rss2blogspot/downloads/list Google Code], unpack it and we can get a directory called rss2blogspot.
 * All right! these all we need.

== Install the GDATA Java Client ==

 * The GDATA Java Client's version is 1.41.3
 * Unpack gdata.java-1.41.3.zip, and we will get a new directory called gdata. We can find a directory named lib at gdata/java directory, the full path name is *gdata/java/lib* !
 * At gdata/java/lib, 4 jar files we need to install by self, there are *gdata-core-1.0.jar*, *gdata-base-1.0.jar*, *gdata-blogger-2.0.jar*, and *gdata-media-1.0.jar* .
 [http://www.flickr.com/photos/adahsu/3993329206/ http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2498/3993329206_32442c86e1_o.png]
 * Use the following code to install these jars into maven 2 local repository.
{{{
  # Remember change your gdata-java-client version correctly.
  $ mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=com.google.gdata -DartifactId=gdata-core  \
                                    -Dversion=1.0 -Dfile=gdata-core-1.0.jar \
                                    -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true

  $ mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=com.google.gdata -DartifactId=gdata-base  \
                                    -Dversion=1.0 -Dfile=gdata-base-1.0.jar \
                                    -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true

  $ mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=com.google.gdata -DartifactId=gdata-blogger  \
                                    -Dversion=2.0 -Dfile=gdata-blogger-2.0.jar \
                                    -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true

  $ mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=com.google.gdata -DartifactId=gdata-media  \
                                    -Dversion=1.0 -Dfile=gdata-media-1.0.jar \
                                    -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true
}}}
 * Or, use the bundled resource file to install them:
   # ~~If you use Windows platform, copy rss2blogspot/src/main/resources/installGDATA.cmd to gdata/java/lib and run it to install these 4 jars. *BUT be careful* , must be sure these 4 jars are installed.~~
   # If you use Linux platform with bash, copy rss2blogspot/src/main/resources/installGDATA.sh to gdata/java/lib and turn it to install all jars.

= Compile =

Compile is easy, just run the following code at rss2blogspot/ , maven will compile and package it as a single, runnable jar file.

{{{
  $ mvn clean package
}}}

= Execute =

Check wiki page to execute it !